# Gamers-Heaven-Marketplace
This online shopping application uses C# and online hosted SQL Server to purchase CD keys. DISCLAIMER: DO NOT put real credit card details! and CD Keys are generated in program. Hence, are not real.

It is a simple Application to order CD Keys of games online. This application is, however, in alpha stage. This application uses C# and online hosted Microsoft Server 2014. I have tested this application on Windows. I used photoshop for editing the graphics. However, the CD Keys are not real they are merely generated by the application for educational purposes and DO NOT put real credit card details as the details will be saved in the online database.

I hope that it is helpful for your own homeworks or projects. Please put a link on somewhere to my github page, if you use the codes with no changes.

Follow me on,
* github: [frag0man](https://github.com/frag0man)

#### Description and Features:

This application is developed in C# for creating User-Interface and implements T-SQL for database manipulation. Users can see the catalogue of CD Keys of video games available. 
* Users can login into their accounts and reset the password. New Users can register for new accounts. Also, restricts the duplication of usernames and emails.
* Allows users to add the products to the favorite list for future orders.
* Users can search through the product catalogue.
* Order history can be viewed and filtered using the filter feature.

#### Criteria:

* Understanding of C# for development of application and UI.
* SQLConnection Class (to enable Microsoft Server Connection and database query execution).
* Understanding of T-SQL (For database management).
* Online hosting.
* User Controls in C# (Create custom buttons and enhanced UI).

#### Limitations:

* Does not allow bulk purchase of CD Keys.
* Miscellaneous bugs exist.
